Hello, this is Miguel Noguera and this
summer I was in formentera we were all
the brothers to the boat of my brother-in-law
tomeu and the issue is that the boat gives
incredible jumps I propose the figure of
this guy who writes below his
ass has a little notebook and goes
writing about the experience itself
of the jump I also have this other boat
it's like like the boat to
herself filled with water and we have to
the water and is calm chicha and goes
pretty fast this did not occur to me and
formentera but this comes from a
advertisement that is a garden pool
but nothing or is like with a very
big not what did happen in
formentera was that at the time of vermouth
of Maria Antonia with fear that she
will fly the potatoes by the wind said
bring some clothespins that we're going to
paint each potato on the plate and I thought
it's totally unviable otherwise
bilbao years ago in an ultra show I said
that christ could not use the word
look rhetorically in the gospels
can you say I could not say Christ in the
Bible looks I tell you one thing for me
I messed up the uncle used look at the point
This is the chronic prescription that I have
so many months hitting the evil that is already
well that is already good
institutionalize a fold
6 mateo 8 4 jesus said he looks at him I do not know
tell anyone uses the word look
rhetorically if I have the pictures of the
little mobile the paradox here not the old
and the new thing who does not illuminate who this
uncle who is me 5 who is a politician
Ukrainian where he was poisoned with
dioxin is the face creed as well as very
little is not all the face that looks
a little to the ugly king of the Lord the rings
it is possible once out of this state
from lethargy a detoxed feeling
nostalgia possible that there was something good
that is lost to heal you say pussy
when that element is very toxic
I would recover it I think it's not all
bad all bad all negative that more
put a google search that came out
bob dylan as if he had noticed
that I was looking for him in google and
there is like a zoom and you what are you doing
looking at me when a program fails and that
they inform you the same computer
informs in third person that
program does not respond open office is not
Answer is like me I have a computer
done the work that but this heat does not
answer no I do not know that you spend little
companionship we go to the images and
on paper can this man who has
fell asleep before checking the
reflexes of the kid with the hammer and
this
is dead on the bike gives you a
heart attack on the bike and there goes to the
Uncle the medium magazine seem the same
means teaching there is here the
naked boy also the cover a little
eroticism esotericism shaking hands in the
hug will not give up the formal greeting in
medium of affection shaking hands and then
fuck and this one has to be in a chorus
and only smiles does not sing to the uncle left over
just laugh they accept they do not accept equal no
not a single note and in this fight careful
that is with bronco gel badly tilted
all the weight in the end and this to
open open the flower bud with
knife accelerates the process and this old
that the cakes illegally in the
highway on the highway what madness of
woman also and the latter will return like this
of the holiday will return and without a wedge
without a face wedge returns Jorge returns
javier tie the 5 without a wedge and
suddenly as you present as I eat you
samples to the world not like how to start
there is a new reaction seen a bit already
to fill the black does not smoke black the
final that I say it because it is already understood
the idea does not return like that if a wedge
with something you have to fill it